Add 7.0.0-preview3 release notes and release note generation prompt. (#3829)
dotnet/SqlClient: tools/prompts/generate-release-notes.md

> # Generate Release Notes

Author: To generate this file, I iteratively prompted within a single session until the release notes and changelog files had the format I wanted. Then I told the agent that this session represented a common workflow and to generate a prompt file so that the workflow could be repeated again in the future for any given release milestone.

Reviewer: Consider checking in the prompt in a `.github\` prompt file for future re-use. start with [your-first-prompt-file](https://docs.github.com/en/copilot/tutorials/customization-library/prompt-files/your-first-prompt-file#your-first-prompt-file)!

## Prerequisites

- The user must provide the **Milestone Name** (e.g., `7.0.0-preview3`).
- The user should specify if this is a preview or stable release if it's not obvious from the milestone name.

## Workflow Steps

1.  **Fetch Milestone Items**:
    - Search for all **merged** Pull Requests associated with the specified milestone in the `dotnet/SqlClient` repository.
    - Use `mcp_github_search_issues` with query `is:pr is:merged milestone:"<Milestone Name>" repo:dotnet/SqlClient`.

2.  **Analyze and Categorize**:
    - Review the title and body of each PR.
    - Categorize them into: `Added`, `Fixed`, `Changed`, `Removed`, etc.
    - Identify the contributors for the "Contributors" section.

3.  **Draft Release Notes Content**:
    - **Header**: `# Release Notes` followed by `## <Release Type> Release <Version> - <Date>`.
    - **Changes Link**: `## Changes Since [<Previous Version>](<Previous Version>.md)`.
    - **Items**: For each categorized item, generate a detailed entry:
        - **Title**: The PR title or a summarized version.
        - **Link**: Link to the PR `([#<PR Number>](<PR URL>))`.

>         - **Details**:

Author: The quality of these sections will depend heavily on how well we write our PR descriptions.

            - `*What Changed:*`: A brief description of the technical change.
            - `*Who Benefits:*`: The target audience (e.g., Developers using feature X).
            - `*Impact:*`: The effect on the application (e.g., Performance improvement, Bug fix).
    - **Contributors**: List public contributors (excluding core team if possible, or list all non-bot contributors).
    - **Target Platform Support**:
        - Check `README.md` or project files for current support.
        - List supported .NET Framework and .NET Core/.NET versions and OSs.
    - **Dependencies**:

>         - Analyze `Directory.Packages.props` and `src/**/*.csproj` files to list dependencies for each target framework (.NET Framework, .NET Core/Standard).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Analyze `tools\specs\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.nuspec` file to list dependencies for each target framework.
```

>         - Group them by target framework (e.g., .NET Framework 4.6.2+, .NET 8.0, .NET 9.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Group them by target frameworks.
```
